Recommend that implementations output messages in TLS format. (#52)
Bren2010/draft-keytrans: draft-ietf-keytrans-protocol.md

structure of protocol messages, but does not require the use of a specific
transport protocol. As such, implementations do not necessarily need to transmit
messages according to the TLS format and can choose whichever encoding method
best suits their application. However, it is RECOMMENDED that implementations
transmit, or be able to transmit, messages in their TLS format to simplify

> interoperability testing. Regardless of the format that messages are transmitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transmit, or be able to transmit, messages in their TLS format to facilitate
interoperability. Regardless of the format that messages are transmitted
```
